fix: Remove reference to Bonitasoft (#3350)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/version-update/pages/update-with-migration-tool.adoc

=== Download
// add links to Bonita web site and Customer Service center => OK

> Download the target Bonita version bundle and the adequate update tool for your Edition from the http://www.bonitasoft.com/downloads[Ofelia web site] for Bonita Community edition or from the {cscDownloadUrl}[Customer Service Center] for Bonita Subscription editions. You will also have to download a Tomcat server that matches the target Bonita Runtime version.

Reviewer: **suggestion:** 
```suggestion
Download the target Bonita version bundle and the adequate update tool for your Edition from the https://www.ofelia.com/downloads[Ofelia web site] for Bonita Community edition or from the {cscDownloadUrl}[Customer Service Center] for Bonita Subscription editions. You will also have to download a Tomcat server that matches the target Bonita Runtime version.
```

This section explains how to update a platform that uses one of the Bonita bundles.

First, download the target version bundle and Bonita Migration Tool for your edition:

> * from the http://www.bonitasoft.com/downloads[Ofelia site] for Bonita Community edition

Reviewer: **suggestion:** 
```suggestion
* from the https://www.ofelia.com/downloads[Ofelia site] for Bonita Community edition
```
